Grand Home Investments has been building quality homes in NJ and has completed over 100 projects in NJ and PA. We have built an incomparable reputation in the area over the years through referrals and impeccable reviews by building and delivering only the highest quality of homes.
We are creating homes that are built to last, which means that your new home is efficient and sustainable, and it uses trusted brands for building materials and appliances. We offer designs that help a house become a home. Our experienced Design Consultants will curate a personalized array of home design options just for you. We build high quality homes starting from design all the way through the entire building process.
Halal and Safe Real Estate Investments: Your trusted partner for halal and Sharia-compliant investment options in the USA. Firstly, we understand the importance of investing in a way that aligns with our faith and values. You can discover a unique opportunity to invest in real estate while adhering to halal principles. Contact us for more details.

Halal And Safe Investments
We offer a safe investment environment keeping the Islamic values in mind. The localities in which the houses are invested in, are well known areas of central NJ for ease of selling. Not only that, but you also become partners in the LLC that you invested in to assure complete transparency.

A Proven Approach
An proven approach which is based on years of experience. We give timely updates, ease of transactions, profit analysis, that are combined with roll over opportunities. Transparency of estimates and expenses can be viewed by investors in real time. Your proceeds can easily be rolled over to upcoming projects with more chances of success, inshaAllah.

Why Us?
We take the lead in assuring you that the money that sits in your bank ideally can be invested in profitable halal ventures. We make sure we analyze the markets and make comparisons before finally choosing the right property for you. We spend significant time in making sure that every potential property is researched upon in detail before making the final move. We are experienced enough to create different investment scenarios so that each decision is made wisely. Our past records makes us the right choice for you.
